[12.0][FIX]mrp_bom_component_menu (#538)
OCA/manufacture: mrp_bom_component_menu/README.rst

#. Go to menu *Manufacturing -> Products -> Bill of Material Components*

> The purpose of this menu item is to search and view in which BoM a specific component is used. So, "Create" buttom is hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Create' button is hidden, as the purpose of this menu item is to provide the functionality to be able to search and view in which BoM a specific component is used.
```

Just a minor suggestion for better readability.
